In Japan the name of the Tuesday also means Mars Day.
In the US video games are mostly released on Tuesdays.
In the past music albums were mostly released on Tuesdays before it was eventually moved to Fridays allover the world in 2015.
Spanish and Greek speaking parts of the world consider Tuesdays a really bad day if it happens to be the 13th of the month.
The planet Mars and the day Tuesday share a lot in common, this is as a result of the association of Tiw with the planet Mars.
Tuesday is the day when Barack Obama was elected as the first African American President of the United States of America.
Tuesday is the day with most Christmas.
In the Thai Solar Calendar, the color associated with Tuesday is pink.
Tuesday with the least chance to be a Christmas eve.
Tuesday is the unofficial day which Catholics choose to go for confessions.
Tuesday is the day most popular for worship and praying among Hindus.
Tuesday is considered a lucky day in Judaism.
Tuesday is a day dedicated to Saint John The Baptist, mostly in the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Tuesday is also the day where there’s the highest number of job applications submitted. I guess people who have a bad Monday don’t always have a better Tuesday!
Tuesday is the day of the week that is least likely to have a Christmas Eve on it.
Tuesday is the day of the week that has the second-highest chance of having a Christmas on it, with the first being Thursday.
The Greeks consider Tuesday to be an unlucky day as this was the day that Constantinople Fell.
Tuesday is the day of the week when the Allied Forces stormed Nazi-held French beaches at the commencement of the D-Day attacks during World War II, on June 6th.
Uranus was first discovered on a Tuesday by William Herschel on March 13, 1781.
The modern name of the day Tuesday was derived from the Old English version which is ‘Tiwesdaeg’.
Tiwesday means Tiw’s Day, Tiw is Norse god of combat, it’s safe to say Tuesday from it’s origin is his day.
Tiw is associated with the Roman God of War, Mars. This is why Tuesday contains a reference to Mars in other languages derived from Latin. Like “Mardi” in French, “Martes” in Spanish, and “Martedi” in Italian.
In Japanese, the word for Tuesday (ka youbi) means “fire day,” in relation to Mars the planet (kasei) meaning “fire star.”
In some Slavic languages, Tuesday originates from an Old Church Slavonic word literally meaning “the second.”
For many employees, Tuesday is apparently the most productive day of the working week.
Tuesday is the day with most productivity from workers. This is according to a survey in 2002.
The second Tuesday of every month is known as patch Tuesday.
The famous D-Day attacks during World War II started on a Tuesday.
In 1992, ‘Sonic 2sday’ was a marketing campaign initiated on a Tuesday following the launch of Sonic Hedgehog 2.
Tuesday gets its English name from the Old English Tiwesdaeg and the Middle English Tewesday, meaning ‘Tiw’s Day.” Tiw was the Norse God of Single Combat, Victory, and Heroic Glory. Those Norse Gods are so cool!
Spanish-speaking parts of the world also find Tuesday to be an unlucky day.
For both Greek and Spanish-speaking people alike, the 13th day of a month is considered unlucky if it falls on a Tuesday, rather than a Friday.
In Judaism, Tuesday is considered to be a lucky day, because, in the first chapter of Genesis, the paragraph about Tuesday has the words “it was good” in it twice.
According to a study conducted in America, Californian people are less likely to barbecue on a Tuesday than any other day of the week.
In astrology, Tuesday is associated with the planet Mars, with the two sharing the same symbol. As Mars rules over Aries and Scorpio, these signs are also associated with Tuesday.
Tuesday, October 29, 1929, is one of the world’s most infamous Tuesdays, known as Black Tuesday. This is the day of the Great Stock Market Crash, the event which catalyzed the Great Depression in the run-up to World War II.
Super Tuesday is the day on which many U.S. states choose to hold their Presidential primary elections.
The second Tuesday of every month is commonly known as Patch Tuesday, as this is the day of the month when Microsoft releases their patches.
Shrove Tuesday is the day that precedes the first day of Lent in the Western Christian Calendar. More importantly, this day is also commonly known as Pancake Day.
Tuesday is considered to be an unlucky day, especially among the Greek. Apparently, because it’s day which Constantinople fell.
There’s a day called Black Tuesday, it’s the day which the US had the Great Stock Market crash. It happened Tuesday the 29th of October 1929.
There’s a day called Super Tuesday, which is basically the day on which most States in the US choose to have their presidential election held. It is always a Tuesday. Unfortunately, in 2012 a bill to moved the elections to weekends to encourage voting was introduced.
The color associated with the day is Pink, this is according to Thai solar calendar.
According to same Thai solar calendar the meaning of the day is Ashes of the Dead
Allover the world, majority of Hindus fast on Tuesdays.
According to Interpretation Germanica(interpretation by Greek) Tiw(the god whom Tuesday was name after) is associated with Mars.
Microsoft releases patches to its softwares on Tuesdays.
In the US DVDs are mostly released on Tuesdays.
Other languages such as Bulgarian, Russian and Slavic languages have the name of the day to mean ‘Second’ or ‘The Second’. For this reason in most parts of the world excluding the US, Tuesday is considered the second day of the week.
Tuesday is considered an unlucky day in most Spanish speaking parts of the world.
Tuesday is the day on which Californians eat lesser barbeque than any other day of the week.